Refactor user roles (#2738)
OfficeForProductSafetyAndStandards/cosmetic-product-notifications: cosmetics-web/docs/ROLES.md

# User Roles

> The role system is uncomplicated. Entry point for implementation is concern in models: `Priviliges::AbstractConcern`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role system is uncomplicated. The entry point for implementation is a concern in models: `Privileges::AbstractConcern`
```
